Increment commits to [Definition of Done](https://www.leadingagile.com/2017/02/definition-of-done/).

An Increment is a concrete stepping stone toward the Product Goal. Each Increment is additive to all prior Increments and thoroughly verified, ensuring that all Increments work together. In order to provide value, the Increment must be usable.

Multiple Increments may be created within a Sprint. __The sum of the Increments is presented at the Sprint Review thus supporting empiricism__. However, an Increment may be delivered to stakeholders prior to the end of the Sprint. The Sprint Review should never be considered a gate to releasing value.

__Work cannot be considered part of an Increment unless it meets the Definition of Done.__

Increment is cumulative.
	Sprint 1 - number of project backlog completed in sprint
	Sprint 2- number of project backlog completed in sprint + value generated by work
					done in previous sprint

### Definition of Done

The Definition of Done is a formal description of the state of the Increment when it meets the quality measures required for the product.

__The moment a Product Backlog item meets the Definition of Done, an Increment is born.__

The Definition of Done creates transparency by providing everyone a shared understanding of what work was completed as part of the Increment. __If a Product Backlog item does not meet the Definition of Done, it cannot be released or even presented at the Sprint Review. Instead, it returns to the Product Backlog for future consideration.__

If the Definition of Done for an increment is part of the standards of the organization, all Scrum Teams must follow it as a minimum. If it is not an organizational standard, the Scrum Team must create a Definition of Done appropriate for the product.

The Developers are required to conform to the Definition of Done. If there are multiple Scrum Teams working together on a product, they must mutually define and comply with the same Definition of Done.


### Technical Debt
 - consequences of poor software development practices.
 - might lead to code decay and architecture deterioration.
 - scrum can help manage it.
 - It is not necessarily bad, it is part of learning process.
 - should not be used to justify poor development quality.
 - it is a topic to be discussed by scrum team during sprint retrospective.






